---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/01-world-of-erythea/atlas/eblon/pharousia/vashem/","title":"Vashem, Sovereign's Reach","tags":["Location","WIP"],"noteIcon":"lamp"}
---



>[!cite|clean]+ Vashem, Sovereign's Reach
><div class="pf2block" style="width: 100%; margin:  auto"> <div class="d-flex"> <h1>Vashem, Sovereign's Reach </h1> <h2 class="ml-auto">settlement 16 </h2> </div> <div style="background: rgb(119, 119, 119); height: 2px; margin: 0px 0px 0.2rem;"></div> <div style="" class="pf-trait pf-trait-edge">&nbsp;</div> <div class="pf-trait pf-trait-align">ln</div> <div class="pf-trait pf-trait-type">metropolis</div> <div style="" class="pf-trait pf-trait-edge">&nbsp;</div> <div class="text-pf"> <p class="hang"><strong>Government</strong> <em>Sovereign and Cerulean Chamber</em></p> <p class="hang"><strong>Population</strong> 26,848 (49% Human, 10% Dwarf, 9% Orc, 8% Goblin, 8% Halfling, 7% Vyrn, 5% Felidae, 4% Other Races)</p> <p class="hang"><strong>Language</strong> Common, Xian, Dwarven</p> <div style="background: #cccccc; height: 2px; margin: 1px 0; border-bottom: 1px solid #00000066"></div> <p class="hang"><strong>Religion</strong> Zefaelon, Phaedras, Eridius, Laramesis</p> <p class="hang"><strong>Threats</strong> abomination, spectural horrors, magical surges, criminals, lost magical beasts, spirits who are restless and offended, union busters, rogue artifacts, mechanical malfunctions, radical groups, cultists</p> <p class="hang"><strong>Birthplace of Arcane Industry</strong> Uncommon Arcane gadgets and magic items are common within Azulihrun. </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Prohibited Superstitions</strong> Traiditional magic practices are considered backwards and barbaric due to a mixture of propaganda and people's greater access to arcane magic. To protect the citizens and the means of production, traditional magic are subjects to heavy restriction. Any spiritmancy practices need to be reported and registered, or otherwise fined. Offensive magic or unlicensed services are subject to misdemeanor, and other type of sentences. </p> <div style="background: #cccccc; height: 2px; margin: 1px 0; border-bottom: 1px solid #00000066"></div> <p class="hang"><strong>Emre Sarayli</strong> (LN non-binary human mornarch 11) Sovereign of Pharousia, convener of the Cerulean Chamber, temporarily residing in Azulihrun to monitor the construction of the Skyspire. </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Laveni Orridus</strong> (LE male human aristocrat 9) Lord and High Magistrate of Azulihrun.</p> <p class="hang"><strong>Elara Volunis</strong> (NE female Dreamtouched industrialist 7) A Cerulium industrialist and leader of the Steel Syndicate. </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Hikari Ishii</strong> (LG male Felidae bartender 4) Proprietor of the Last Stand </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Ayrinda Amaranthine</strong> (LN non-binary cleric 12) High Priest of Zefaelon. </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Myste Aurifex</strong> (NG female cleric 11) Oracle of Phaedras in the Pharousia region. </p> <p class="hang"><strong>Milano Wyndalfux</strong> (LN female scholar 14) Headmaster of the Arcane Institute of Azulihrun. </p> <div style="background: #cccccc; height: 2px; margin: 1px 0; border-bottom: 1px solid #00000066"></div> <p>A character can usually purchase any common item of the same or lower level than the settlement's level - 2. </p> <p>Spellcasting services may be available in this settlement. A character can find someone to cast common spells up to 4th level spells. </p> </div> </div>

^statblock-vashem