---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/01-world-of-erythea/people/ancestries/kobold/","title":"Kobold","contentClasses":"hide-header-underline embed-clean","tags":["Ancestry/Common"],"dgShowInlineTitle":true,"noteIcon":null}
---

Forged by Tiamat and Isimud from the sorrow of the lost dragon lineage, kobolds are the cunning, proud dragonkin native to Erythea's Northern mountains and the Shattered Isles. Long ago, in the First Age, dragons were a lineage of fey creatures shaped in the glorious image of Tiamat's family. But after the cataclysmic Fey Reckoning, these majestic beings dwindled, leaving Tiamat to mourn their passing. From her sorrow and Enki's sympathy sprang the kobolds, imbued with the legacies and affinities of their draconic ancestors.

Inheritors of draconic fire magics, their souls burn with Tiamat's blazing might. Kobolds wield a deep connection to the fires and a natural incline for chaotic and destructive magic. 

Kobolds' culture flourishes in connected subterranean lairs connected by networks of caverns. More than mere delvers of mountains, they are masterful underground gardeners tending to vast underground gardens overflowing with rare fungi, vibrant mosses, and ethereal bioluminescent flora that illuminate their cavern realms with a dreamlike phosphorescence. 

Because of Enki's blessing and curiosity toward the Dragonic culture, kobolds are also historians without peer, with venerable elders as living libraries safeguarding primordial lore through intricate oral traditions. Their culture enshrines the excavation and preservation of relics from ancient civilizations as a sacred duty. Driven by the urge to uncover the myth of their draconic ancestors and other Fey civilizations, Kobold archeologist, historian, and scholars could be found traveling around the world. 

Central to their way of life is also the mystic bonds kobolds forge with beast companions from a young age through prehistoric rituals, each clan specializing in different animal kinships. Kobolds does not replace their companion if their bonded beast was to perish. Their relationship with their animal companion symbolize the role of their draconic ancestors as the rulers of all beasts in the age long past. 

With the rise of the Arcane Revolution and the proliferation of Cerulium technology, it is easier than ever for the Kobold scholars to travel the world and unearth knowledge from ages long past. Many was drawn from their mountain home to migrate to various cultural centers in the vast land of Ebolon. Azulihrun attracted kobolds from all walks of life. Some put their natural mastery over fire to the Cerulium forges and arcane factories, some found enrichment in roles as archivists and researchers in the scholarly circles, while beast-bonded kobolds roams the edges of the city as rangers, scouts, and beast handlers. A lot of kobolds continue to favor cavernous dwellings, constructing bustling underground housing in old sewage and basements, turning them into lush greenhouse and beautiful communities.
